Was so desperate during a haunted house

Author: slyga26346

*000*2025-11-01 06:10

Just got home from a haunted house where i ended up going through the whole thing desperate to pee.

I went by myself, because i wanted to try it out but then my friend ended up coincidentally being there so we went together. she had alcohol so i happily indulged and i had already smoked 2 joints before this, this should be noted.

The line ended up being much, much longer than anticipated. so we just spent all of our time drinking and talking, which would soon lead to the fatal mistake we made of getting -more- to drink, without considering the fact that we wouldn’t be able to pee once we got to the haunted house.

Let’s just say, by the time it was time for us to go inside i was eyeing the port a pottys they had across the way and wanting to see if i could rush over and piss before we went inside, but before we knew it we were rushed into the haunted house after practically an hour of waiting.

Now, i have a pretty strong bladder, but alcohol breaks it. so i was pretty desperate to go. i could feel all the piss pressing down on my bladder but i really didn’t have a chance to leave. i even meekly asked one of the staff but they told me i had to go through the two stages before i’d get a chance to pee. after that there would be two more.

My friend reassured me we’d just get through it quick, but honestly, i was afraid that i’d get scared so bad i’d pee myself. so i was very worried about that.

I ended up being fine. we got through the house but i spent most of it hiding behind my friend and trying to disguise my speed running mixed with desperate little bounces. the scares were VERY good but my bladder kept it together thank god.

Once we got out of the second stage i was so antsy to pee that i barely listened to the instructions for the next round. i was just trying to figure out where the porta potty was in reference to where we were. my friend was trying to talk and i just started to drag her over because i was really getting close to being about to pee myself. and the. she insisted on peeing together but i’m like, it’s 1 ports potty, i think i’m about to piss in my panties before i piss in the toilet, i’m fucking dying to just rip my pants off but she’s whining and i eventually just usher her to a porta potty and run to another one and finally, FINALLY pee.

It was insane. and i had a desperate uber ride afterwards, and just survived a desperate car ride home and i still need to piss so bad…my bladder is broke tonight

*002*2025-11-01 06:18

{{4 minutes ago, Boywet said:

That sounds like a great Halloween night, how about you join us for a hold?

}}

Imm j chillin by myself 4 the night

*004*2025-11-01 06:34

{{10 minutes ago, Boywet said:

So you're up for drinking more ?

}}

No as in i am not going to join in anything with anyone else 🤩

*009*2025-11-04 01:22

{{18 hours ago, sammilove said:

Glad you managed to hold it during all those incidents! At least if you did pee your pants, you could’ve just said you got scared that badly haha.

}}

Oh trust me girl i didn’t even wanna go through explaining to anyone 😭 that would have been awful

