Wet hotel bed and no idea what to do

Author: Stef305

*000*2025-12-19 17:36

This morning I switched on my phone as I always do and immediately received a text from my sister saying "Call me when you see this!". It's very rare that I get a message like that from her, let alone in the middle of the night. Moreover, I knew she was just about to return home from a business trip abroad alone, so it made my heart sink. I called right away but couldn't get through at first, which almost made me have a panic attack. Once I reached her, my heart was racing and I was barely able to ask her where she was and whether she was ok. She sounded quite upset and said that I shouldn't laugh but that she's been crying in the shower for the last two hours because she wet the hotel bed and was clueless about what to do. 

I was kind of relieved to hear that she was not in any grave danger, yet shocked about what she told me. I really couldn't offer her any sensible advice. We were eventually both able to calm down and talk it over in the half an hour before I had to leave for work. We devised a plan for her to try to dry the sheets with the hair dryer and just check out from the hotel as if nothing happened. I'm now not so sure any more whether that was a good plan and whether she may get in trouble when the hotel roomkeeping finds out. I know she successfully boarded the plane on the last leg of her flight, so she'll be home in a few hours and she promised to call and tell me how it went. I hope all goes well.

All this, and the guilt of waking up dry when my sister wet the bed half a world away, made my day at work really suck today, but I guess I should take it as the kind of thrill one only gets with bedwetting running in the family.

*004*2025-12-20 20:07

{{8 hours ago, Ian Newton said:

I hope she's OK. Does she have a history of bedwetting? Does she know what caused this?

}}

We met today. She brought us small Christmas presents from her trip and behaved as if nothing happened. I think she'll be OK. When we talked on the phone last night she asked me not to tell the mother and I assume she didn't tell her family either. She's concerned that the hotel will charge her credit card with the cleaning fee.

She has a history of bedwetting, yes, but she said she hasn't wet the bed since summer last year. It was her first trip alone after a long time and the first one after she started a new job, so I guess it was the stress that caused it.

{{23 hours ago, Sunnysideup said:

I wet the bed at hotels a couple of times when I was a kid and I know my cousin did too. We never heard any more about it.

}}

Do you mind telling where those hotels were? Did they ever charge you for extra cleaning?

{{On 12/19/2025 at 5:49 PM, rubbersheetlad said:

But you never know, right?

}}

Right. That's the main problem with being an occasional bedwetter.

