Hills, Thrills, and Spills

Author: SoakingItUp

*000*2026-02-08 04:38

With the wife out of town for the weekend I planned a long solo hike on a trail without much foot traffic. To prepare I picked up some used hiking shoes, packed the car with my 3L camelback hydration backpack, an extra water bottle to carry, and one more bottle for after the hike. I also had a collection of snacks, sunscreen, a change of clothes and two towels just in case.

In the morning of the hike I put on some gray cotton boxer brief trunks, no fly window since I won't be using it anyway, a pair of tight thick gray sweatpants and some black pants made of thin quick-drying material on top. I peed when I woke up so I could start fresh. After some tea and a quick breakfast I'm at 6/10 so normally one would relieve the pressure before driving 30 minutes out to the trailhead, but not this time.

The trail parking lot is quite busy with couples and small groups getting a morning hike in or folks with dogs. It's a gorgeous day out already, chilly but not too cold. The first thing I do after parking is scope out the restroom to see if it's open. Right now I'm only at 7/10 but I want to start the hike with wet pants. I walk over and try the door, it's open! Inside there's a sink, urinal, and stall. The urinal doesn't have a barrier between it and the sink so I opt for the stall. 

I unbutton and unzip, and direct the stream to the right so I can capture as much as possible in my sweatpants. I reach in and adjust my aim to the other side and repeat. There's a slight delay for the pee to get through the underwear, the sweatpants pocket, and finally to the surface. I watch as the fabric changes from light to dark gray, slowly spreading the warmth down my thigh to my knee. Feeling much better, I button and zip up. I can hear a group of women outside so I take an extra step to dab my black pants a few times on each side and slowly wash my hands while inspecting the damage.

Back over at the car I grab my backpack and get ready to head to the trail. As I start off my thighs are cool in the morning breeze but I warm up quickly with my heart pumping faster as I moving uphill and with the sun warming my face and the front of my black pants. At 30 minutes in to the hike I'm not feeling any urge to go, which is strange because I know I didn't let everything go in the restroom. Maybe it's from going uphill or from sweating, either way I keep hydrating and know eventually I'll feel that sweet uncomfortable pressure.

So far everything is going to plan, starting with my frontside soaking wet to see if that part of the sweatpants dries completely by the time I get home. And as I hoped, I've only passed one other person on the trail about 1 hour in. As the trail turns downhill and flat I try to lean back and engage my core to add pressure to my bladder. It helps a little and depending on the slope I'm between 4-7/10. I take a short break to unzip my pants and check how my sweatpants are doing, still very wet all across the front.

Finally I make it to the more difficult hills, some with very steep slopes. I'm out of breath, sweating, taking breaks to drink, and feeling almost no urge to pee which is so frustrating. The views are spectacular and I keep looking back down the trail for other hikers but never find any. I set a goal to make it to the summit of the next hill and as I absorb the beauty around me, I relax and let the warmth flow into my pants. Since I haven't been on this hike before and I didn't do meticulous elevation research, I don't know when that will be. My legs hope it's soon and my bladder is taking its time.

After countless false summits I turn a corner to the other side of the hill and say goodbye to the old views and hello to a new set of hills in the distance. Surely I must be close to the top now. It's reasonably flat and shady so I'm happily bouncing between 6-8/10. I come to what I think is the summit and of course just before I reach it I see hikers in the distance. I think they're going the opposite way so as I crest the top I let out a long, celebratory spurt, just enough to start down my inner thighs but not enough to show up. Not quite as glorious as I was hoping for, but there's still time. Cresting the next hill I spot them again and some more hikers in the distance. I'm not looking for a public spectacle so I hold it until I'm sure there's no nearby audience. Turns out this is a really popular section of the trail. For the first 2 hours I saw one person, now somehow there's 8! I'm not hurting yet but definitely feeling that 8/10 pressure.

Pleasantries are exchanged and luckily no one is going my direction so when the trail splits off I get to relax and unleash my entire bladder into my pants. The relief was surprisingly short and my underwear didn't put up much resistance. The warmth just rushed down my legs as I walked along the path and barely made it to my socks. I see a bench in the distance and take the opportunity to sit and finish about half of my snacks and inspect the damage. My socks seem pretty dry still but my sweatpants are a lovely dark gray all the way down to the ankles. My water level is still at 1.5L, plus my other water bottle is about 2/3 full. Another surprise as I leave was that there was no wet spot on my seat.

This is roughly the halfway point and I start hiking down a steep slope that levels out a little later. As I approach the end of the loop and back to more familiar terrain, I feel a slight urge to pee, maybe a 4/10 although when I stop to take some pictures it quickly climbs to 7. I'm not certain if there will be some afternoon hikers coming up the trail so I decide that it's best to empty when I know I have a full view of all pathways. At this point I actually finish my backpack water, maybe there wasn't 1.5L left after all. When I reach the fork in the road no one is in sight so I let go as I make my way back towards the beginning.

The ground here is rough and it's difficult to both relax and maneuver downhill so I need to stop and steady myself with a wider stance to finish peeing. With a few hisses it cascades down my legs and I continue on my way with a backpack light of water and pants heavy with pee. This time I kept track of the glistening of the black outer layer of pants. My inseam gets most of the action, it flows down my inner thighs and spreads around my calves, making a swishing sound with every step and sticking to my leg. It gets cold quickly but it's warm out now so it's refreshing. The wetness slowly seems to disappear and after 5 minutes there's no visual evidence that anything is wet. If you used almost any other sense you would know, as they feel wet and they smell like pee, but a few meters away in passing it would be impossible to spot.

Pleased with this new information I feel I can confidently walk the rest of the trail and not worry too much about next time I have to go. That time came much sooner than I expected. Just 20 minutes later I was already feeling something building. I tried to time how fast I was going on the way out, so I estimated I had another 1.5 hours left and figured that maybe I can hold it until 30 minutes or so from the parking lot. The point where I had earlier checked my sweatpants was coming up and I again unzipped and took a look at how wet the sweatpants were. I guess keeping them covered does not help them dry at all because they were still soaked all the way to my sides.

The urge was getting more noticeable now and I had a slight delay because a group of cows was blocking the path. As a city boy I don't have much experience with being on the same side of the fence as cows so I take my time to slowly move along the trail and wait for them to take the hint and mooove, which they graciously do. It was 3 calves and 4 adult cows and I saw how much they sink in the mud under their weight and I'm not looking to get charged or trampled.

I'm about an hour outside of the beginning now and at this point I'm at 8/10, tired, my feet hurt, and I know there's one more hill to climb over so I unceremoniously pee in my pants for a fourth time. This one felt like more, making it down to my socks but still not pooling in my shoes. And again the wetness disappeared quickly as I started climbing the next hill.

As I approach the trailhead I know I smell terrible to most people and hope the parking lot isn't as busy. It's late afternoon now and starting to get cloudier so maybe everyone has gone home. There's a lot more activity on the trail about 20 minutes from the parking lot. I pass people and smile and greet them, hoping they don't catch wind of my piss soaked pants. Finally I make it to the car and can pack up my gear, spread out my towel and head home. I finished all my water but there's no more urge to pee so no final restroom stop is needed. I hope I return to this hike again with my wife or friends, but probably not with the same goal. At least now I know what power these pants hold.

