Did NOT make it to a toilet because of a surprise traffic jam

Author: slyga26346

*000*2026-02-13 01:02

I made the mistake of leaving work kind of desperate to pee. i forgot to go when i left the office and didn’t feel like swiping back in all the way upstairs so i left. i could kinda feel it but i convinced myself i would be fine because i waited for evening traffic to end

And i was right, evening traffic did end, but then there was a surprise traffic jam. and not just any traffic jam. the kind of traffic jam where the time on your gps keeps changing and it never goes back down, just up.

Fast forward to an entire half hour of just sitting on the road, i am dying to pee. moved my seatbelt off my bladder desperate. i ended up in worse traffic than i would have been if i didn’t wait to leave work. i felt like a fooooool. it was 100% an accident further down the road, and emergency vehicles were on the move in the shoulder, so i unfortunately could not pull over. yes, i would have done it at that point. i was so desperate i couldn’t focus

I'm desperate but im holding fine for a little. and then im not in just holding back a wave. so like 20 ish minutes pass, and finally, the highway is starting to loosen up. i then proceed to start semi speeding home. there’s still cops all around and i didnt want to get their attention. because my worst fear is peeing myself in front of a cop.

So i’m driving, trying not to speed, squirming in my seat, feeling myself starting to leak, the most cartoonish thing that could ever happen to me happened. i was gone for two weeks on a trip and when i came back it was after a lot of weather stuff happened. so there was a new pothole in the fast lane, and i hit it, i hit it so hard, it practically jostled my bladder loose and i let out a long, hard jet of piss. soaked my panties completely. i couldn’t believe it, it was so so wet, and the fact that it was wet really weakened my control, and i just kept going. immediately crossed my legs but there was already a puddle forming underneath my ass. i was totally pissing myself in my car seat.

I HAD a towel in my car at some point but i took it out to wash from my last accident and forgot to put it in my car, so i was just pissing my leggings with no other way out of it. i merged out of the fast lane so i could slow down since my legs were trembling as i was peeing. it dribbled off the seat onto the carpet on the floor, it was such a mess. at that point, i was too embarrassed to get out of my car, so i sat in the puddle of piss until i was able to pull into a park near my house and get out. by the time i got there, i needed to pee AGAIN. i just stepped out of the car, pulled the car door open, squatted down and pissed through my legging again. i had not peed since twelve. what a terrible idea all around. i peed for so long. there was a long, wide puddle that i just kept adding to. it was crazy.

Lucky me i had a change of pants, but no panties. so i had to drive to CVS in my wet panties trying to find something to sop up all the piss in my car. i was worried the pee from the panties would drip in my pants and it kind of did but it wasn’t visible. i bought what i needed but as a shock to no one, i was feeling a need to pee again. by this point i was just too wet to care, so i went behind a tree and squatted down this time around, literally just switched it up for fun at this point.

I made it home after that with no need to piss. seems like my bladder finally freed me.

And pls don’t dm me after this i just wanted to tell the story

*008*2026-02-17 23:59

Literally less than a week later and i’m in the same situation again 😭 i am sitting embarrassed on a toilet after half pissing myself while running thru the gas station because of ANOTHER traffic jam

*013*2026-02-18 02:21

Yeah all this desperation is a new development in my life and we are fighting for our life

