Pee dream turned into a nightmare

Author: Stef305

*000*2026-03-28 04:56

I had a very weird dream last night (which may have been triggered by reading this

). I was on a bus and just as I was starting to need to pee, the driver announced that we won't be making any stops but that the passengers were free to use the on-board toilet if need be.

I've never used the bus loo before and I didn't intend to this time either. But then the ride just kept going on and on, and my need to pee was becoming unbearable, so I decided to do it anyway. The way to the loo was down a long fly of stairs and the place was very spacious and had full standing height (which is weird for a bus loo but it didn't trigger any warnings in my dream). Another funny thing was that there was no toilet bowl or any other hole there, in which to pee. 

There was a handle on the floor, though, and when I pulled it, the whole floor panel just fell out on the road below the bus, exposing the road and a rotating drive shaft and leaving me just two narrow edges on the sides to stand on. In order not to slip and fall into the hole I had to lean on the stairway railing on my elbows, which meant I wasn't able to unbutton my pants. Hanging there, my worries were not about falling on the drive shaft and out of the bus and possibly dying, but that I was going to wet my pants. And that let me nothing but to scream in fear. And then I woke up. My wife was leaning over me and asking me whether I was allright. I was all sweaty but, strangely, I didn't pee in my dream. I still had to go rather urgently, so I rushed to the loo and was able to get there in time to even do the reality checks before peeing for real.

My pyjamas and the bedding are in for a regular laundry anyway but at least they won't have to go to the drum soaked with pee this time. And I have another rare pee dream on the record that didn't end up in wet bed. The rest of the family is still sleeping, but I can't and so I thought I'd share it here.

*002*2026-04-02 18:57

{{1 hour ago, rubbersheetlad said:

I've often wondered whether its a form of PTSD?

}}

It's so fascinating what weird things our brains are capable of playing in our dreams. I, too, often wonder where it comes from.

