Casual hold from today

Author: sammilove

*000*2026-04-03 05:39

Hi all! Just wanted to share an experience from earlier today! ( was jus wearing my bathrobe, some grey sweats, black socks, and lime green panties.)

I woke up around noon, about 3 hours before my alarms. And I was wired. Not sure why but no matter what I did, I couldn’t fall back asleep. I decided to just give up and get out of bed. As I walked down the short hallway towards the living room, I could tell I really needed to pee.

“Hmmm, what should I do about this since I have free time…” I thought to myself. I decided I’d go pee now then do a hold. As I went to sit down, I changed my mind. “Nah, let’s see where this goes already pretty full.”

I walked out of the bathroom and filled me a large glass of water up. It was already taking some minor clenching to not pee while the water ran. I quickly downed it and began filling another glass. This one to sip on. I made my way to my living room and decided I’d play some Xbox while I filled up.

I’d say 30 minutes or so went by and I was really feeling it. That water was wanting out a lot sooner than I anticipated. It’s a good thing too, I was getting very turned on by this now.

15 minutes later and I was desperately holding on. I was jiggling my legs, rocking in my seat, and having to grab myself for relief every couple of minutes. I was right on the verge of losing it but I kept holding on somehow.

Not even 10 minutes and I was trembling. I could feel sweat starting on my forehead. Both my hands my were now glued to my crotch to fight the flood back. I had to go so badly that I could’ve cried. It felt like I was gonna throw up too.

Maybe a couple minutes passed and the first leak shot out uncontrollably. I clenched everything and used as much force to stop as I could but nothing worked. I was able to stop it but I knew the end was near now. I stood up, leaked again, tried to walk as fast and controlled as I could, another big leak, I glanced at the toilet but the leaks were coming faster and faster. I couldn’t stop them…

I stood there, between my toilet and the shower, just absolutely flooding myself. The relief felt so fucking good. My knees were stating to shake a bit too. It must’ve been a good minute at this point but it was still coming out!

I couldn’t stop it…and after nearly 2 minutes, the gush turned to what felt like a trickle, and then nothing. I’m pretty sure I came at least once, if not twice, during that escapade. I was holding onto the sink with both hands slightly bent over. My body was trembling still. My knees felt incredibly weak. I finally regained enough energy to strip down out of my soaked clothes and decided to go shower after cleanup.

I decided I wanted to do this every Thursday I could. Not to mention, the perfect start to a long weekend! 🙂

*002*2026-04-03 05:44

{{Just now, Antispam said:

Clarification , how far into the 'nah im full ill still hold' did you get

Like simply walked into the bathroom and turned around , start pulling pants down but stop , or did you sit on the toilet but then just not pee or what

}}

Uhhh maybe 4-5 feet. I don’t have a very large bathroom.

I never even untied my sweats waistband though.

*004*2026-04-03 05:50

Hmm maybe for the hold next week I’ll do that 🙂

*006*2026-04-03 05:56

{{2 minutes ago, Antispam said:

What game were you plating anyway

}}

Starfield, made a new character to start before the next update.

