Desperation (and heavy leaking) during a meeting with friends

Author: secretwet07

*000*2026-04-06 08:56

This is a story that happened to me recently. I hope you enjoy it! ;))

Again, I apologize for any mistakes, but English is not my first language.

###

So recently I was at a meeting with friends and we decided to have some beer.

I have a pretty strong bladder, so when my friends had to pee after a beer, I obviously didn't want to When they were very desperate.

My friends have rather weak bladders, so they went to the gas station to pee. Then we changed locations and there was no gas station or "normal" place to pee nearby, but i was fine and and I was sure I wouldn't want to go to the bathroom for the rest of the meeting.

The meeting dragged on and on, we continued drinking and joking around, but at one point I felt like I had to pee. Not really, but I slowly felt my need coming.

With every joke, laugh, and beer, my need to pee grew.

However, I had in my mind that I didn't want to go anywhere to pee alone because I would have to go to the forest. And I really don't like peeing in the forest and in places like that (especially alone). However, I didn't want my friends to be angry with me because I hadn't gone with them earlier and I was sure they wouldn't take me back to the station.

My best friend has a very weak bladder, and just as I can hold it longer than the average person, she pees more often than the average person.

So, knowing that she would have to pee again in a moment, I decided to wait so that I wouldn't have to go pee alone in the dark forest.

However, at every moment, waiting for her to announce that she need to go as well, my need was growing more and more.

At first I was surprised because normally I would have lasted longer, I really would have lasted the entire meeting as I had suspected, but I didn't think about the fact that I had drunk a lot before leaving the house (and i wasnt im the bathroom since morning, so now i was more desperate than i Normally would be)

I tried to pretend that everything was fine, but my hand discreetly escaped to my crotch. I squeezed my thighs as tight as possible and even tried to discreetly loosen my belt. The fact that we were all a little drunk and talking and joking about everything didn't help my situation, it only made me need to pee more.

It was getting harder and harder for me to handle it.

Finally, when I felt a strange warmth in my lower parts, I understood that I was really, REALLY on the verge.

Earlier, even though I felt a growing need, it was because of being drunk and the thought that my friend would soon have to pee too, it wasn't that bad. I didn't think about it.

But now, in every second, it hit me more and more. I felt warm in my lower parts, but I hadn't leaked yet, but it was that characteristic feeling. The characteristic feeling of my urine at the very exit.

However, I knew that the more I paid attention to it, the worse it would get. So I tried to ignore it further, which generally didn't result in anything good. Because after a while, while holding my hand between my thighs and covering them with the bag so that no one could see it, I felt a few drops leaking out and soaking into my underwear, which automatically made me press my fingers against my crotch.

I instantly felt hot and a wave of desperation ran through my entire body. I felt like I couldn't move because everything would fall out of me.

In the background I heard another joke from my friends and I tried to focus on it and laughed at it, not wanting to arouse suspicion.

I was glad that it was dark and that it was night, so that no one would see a possible stain on my crotch, which at that moment I couldn't verify whether it had even appeared because it would be to Obvious and suspicious.

There were five of us, so any accident Like peeing in my pants was out of the question and seemed terrifying. After a while, the wave of desperation passed and I thought that I was simply just too worried about not having a place to pee and that's why i felt so desperate.

However, 5, 10, 15 minutes passed, then 20, and another half an hour, and my friend still didn't want to pee.

It was getting worse and worse and I didn't know what to do with myself. Finally, still holding my hand between my thighs, I felt a large stream flow out, soaking my underwear and leaking into my pants, a few drops leaking onto my fingers. Literally at the same time, my friend handed me a beer, from which I took another sip with a fake smile.

I was afraid I was about to explode, I hadn't felt this desperate in a long time, but I knew I had to do something about it.

I didn't like peeing in the forest because I was a bit afraid of it, especially at night, but a big problem for me was the position in which I had to pee, it was uncomfortable for me.

Besides, the thought of someone walking by just seeing me terrified me.

I think men have it easier in this regard because all they have to do is hide their cock and zip up their pants. They don't have to bother with squatting or anything like that. So it's a little harder for girls because we have to stand up, pull up our pants, So I think there's a higher risk of someone seeing us half naked.

Yes, I could have gone deeper into the forest so as not to encounter anyone passing by, but it was dark and night, so I was afraid. Actually, due to the later hour, there was technically little chance that anyone would be walking there, but on the other hand, this forest is very popular in the area and many people like to go there and walk.

Never mind.

My desperation and the feeling that I was going to pee myself had increased so much that I asked openly if anyone needed to pee and if we could pull up to the station.

My friend and another friend admitted that they also had to pee, but that it was no longer worth going to the station and they decided that we're going to Forest.

I felt better because at least I wasn't the only one who had to pee and we were supposed to go in a larger group, but I still didn't like the idea of peeing in such conditions.

So we got out of the car and the three of us headed towards the forest. I was glad that it was dark and I was wearing dark pants so the stain from my earlier leak wasn't visible.

When we reached the forest, one od my friends went a little further – after all, he was a man and decided he wouldn't pee in front of us. And we didn't want to pee in front of him either. However, My best friend (she's a girl) never had a problem peeing in my presence, and I never had a problem peeing in hers.

Well, maybe technically not.

We often peed next to each other, but only if we were in a regular toilet. In such conditions, I couldn't bring myself to pee next to her.

So while she was peeing, I told her I would hold her things and I would go somewhere else when she was done and then she would wait for me somewhere.

So I was standing next to her and holding her things (her phone and purse) and I waited for her to finish peeing, which made me feel even more desperate. Standing next to her, listening to her find relief, I clenched my thighs, my hand moving between them. I leaned forward and practically did the pee dance.

At one point, I felt myself leaking again. I tried to laugh along with my friend at the situation we found ourselves in: having to pee in the woods. But I didn't feel like laughing at all.

As soon as she finished, i gave her back her things and I quickly walked away into the forest. I was on the very edge, so when I unfastened my belt, a few leaks escaped into my underwear.

As soon as I unbuckled my belt and my pants and they were about to pull down along with my panties, everything burst out of me. Some of it, of course, flew down into my pants before I could squat down.

In fact, it was so bad that I was afraid I would wet my whole pants, so I just I quickly pulled them down to the end and i squatted down. I sacrificed my favorite panties - couldn't hold it in any longer and started peeing through them. Only after a while did I realize that my pants were safe from getting wet with pee i pulled my wet panties aside.

However, when I finally squatted down and when i could finally feel all the liquid flew out of me in a full, powerful stream, I leaned against a tree with one hand and sighed with relief. The characteristic sound of liquids hitting the ground was very intense.

A puddle was slowly (or not so slowly) forming beneath me and I tried to avoid getting my shoes dirty from my own urine.

More gasps of relief escaped me, and the warmth evaporating from the puddle beneath me felt strangely pleasant.

Finally, after a good minute or so, I stopped peeing, pulled up my pants, fastened my belt and walked out of the forest as if nothing had happened.

In the meantime, I checked if the stain on my pants was very visible, luckily it wasn't that bad, especially since it was night and I was wearing dark pants.

As if nothing had happened, we returned to the car and I prayed that my stain would dry so I wouldn't have to feel uncomfortable.

Fortunately, the stain dried quickly and the rest of the meeting went smoothly and pleasantly, but I will definitely never forget this incident.

###

Let me know if you liked my desperate story:))

*002*2026-04-06 12:14

{{24 minutes ago, JimSpurs666 said:

Thanks for sharing. Did you enjoy the experience

}}

Yes!! It was a bit stressful because I didn't want to get wet in front of my friends, but in the end it was a great experience! It's hard to match the relief I felt then:)

*006*2026-04-07 12:14

{{5 hours ago, Nsane Plover said:

Great story! I loved the “pee through” part…thats the hottest thing a woman can do in such situation.💦💛

How did it feel being damp for the rest of the night?

Was it the only critical situation that night?

Thanks for sharing your experiece!

}}

Being damp felt amazing! For a while I felt uncomfortable because I was with friends, but over time, when we didn't leave the car anymore, it was pleasant. It kept reminding me of the relief i felt.

A little later my friend (who, as I said, has a weak bladder) wanted to pee again, but this time no one else wanted too, so she had to go alone, but she was afraid, so she waited for a long time. When she got out of the car, she walked into the forest, stopping almost every now and then and clenching her legs;)) Apart from that, unfortunately, nothing else happened that night.

I'm glad you like the story!:))

*008*2026-04-12 13:33

{{5 hours ago, Antispam said:

Think you can measure your capacuty sometime?

}}

I've been thinking about doing this for a long time, so as soon as I get the chance, I'll do it:))

$

