Made to pee outside!

Author: sillywetgirl

*000*2023-06-11 01:29

I was just reading some experiences here and it reminded me of a couple of my own experiences that I haven't thought about in a while, and I thought someone might enjoy reading them.

The first was a night of drinking in a neighbor's yard. We were in the country, they lived in an RV parked in a wooded area with a clearing in the middle. It was my first experience with Everclear, and since I pour heavy as it is, I got really drunk. We sat around talking for a long time and I don't have much memory of that night, my neighbor's husband actually had to carry me into my house and put me to bed lol. But I guess I had to pee really badly, and for some reason my neighbor said I couldn't go in and use their restroom. I have a very nice memory of me scrambling around to the mostly hidden side of their RV, desperate and so drunk I barely felt shame, as I pulled down my leggings and sat in the grass and just let it all go. They had to have been no more than 20 feet away, there's no way they didn't see me.

The second was a less fun situation. My car had broken down on my way home from work late one night. My partner drove out to help, and we ended up having to wait hours for a tow truck to show up. Of course, I hadn't planned to wait hours, and eventually I had to pee. It got bad enough that I was wiggling and whining about it and my partner told me to just go beside the car. I resisted for a while because that would be embarrassing, we were on the side of a really busy highway and even though it was late, there was still a good amount of traffic.

Eventually I couldn't hold it anymore and gave in. I think I was wearing pants, or maybe a skirt, but either way I had to wait until there was a lull in traffic and then crouch next to the car and pee right there, with my partner aware of what I'm doing, hoping a car didn't catch me in their headlights peeing on the side of the road. It was a stressful night so it didn't really register as an omo situation then, but when I think back on it now I get off on the humiliation of it lol.

