Kind of public wetting?

Author: Supr94

*000*2023-06-20 09:50

Hi 💕

So this is a couple of years ago, around my early 20s.

I was in the neighboring city, on a small consert with some friends, cant even remeber the band, beacuse of the event on my way home😂

As I didnt have a car license at that time, I was driving my scooter and it was some 45 minutes drive each way.

The weather was cloudy but dry when I left home, so I was just wearing my regular jeans and a light jacket.

When we exited the conscert to go home, the weather was quit the other😅 It was literally pouring outside! I knew I was getting soaked on the long drive home, but didnt have any other options😅

About half way home, I got the urge to pee, but theres no gas stations or other toilets along the route, so I just had to hold it in.

As I was making my way home, my desperation increased equaly. I was starting to shake, and had to switch my one arm from holding on the handle and my crotch 😅

It was really touch and go if I could make it, when I realised that all my clothes were soaked by the rain anyway😁

I decided to put my bladder out of the pain, and just pee, and so I did.

It started coming out the second I decided, and quickly filled my panties and made my bum really hot. I squized my thighs together and it overflowed and ran towards my knees.

The feeling of changing my cold rain wet clothes, into hot pee soaked were fantastic 😍 I peed for quite a while, what it felt like anyway, and the pee was running everywhere down my legs, my seat, making itsway to the ground.

Obvisouly no one could tell, so I felt so naughty driving past other people that had no idea what was going on inside my panties😅

I got home, fully wet ofcourse, but no visable evidence that I had emptied my bladder into my clothes, so no problem hiding the need of a clothes wash from my parents😍

Not sure if it qualifies as a public wetting (?), but either way, its one of my first times peeing in my regular clothes, and most reminderable wetting from my living at home time💕

PS, you are the first ever to know this💕

